What is Postman?
Think of Postman like a fake phone app that lets you test your backend without building a real app first. Instead of clicking buttons on a website, you send requests to your server and see what it sends back.

Step 1: Get Postman (2 minutes)
Option A: Use Postman in Your Browser (Easiest)
Go to: https://www.postman.com/
Click the "Sign Up for Free" button (top right)
Create a free account (use your email)
Click "Web" when asked how you want to use Postman
You'll be in the Postman web app - no download needed!
Option B: Download Desktop App
Go to: https://www.postman.com/downloads/
Click the big download button for your computer (Mac/Windows/Linux)
Install it like any other program
Open Postman and sign in (or skip and use as guest)
Step 2: Import Your Test Collection (1 minute)
In Postman, look at the left sidebar - you'll see "Collections"
Click the "Import" button (it's near the top left, looks like a folder with an arrow)
A popup will appear - click "Upload Files"
Navigate to your project folder and select the file: postman_collection.json
Click "Import"
You should now see "Community Service Tracker API" in your Collections list on the left!

Step 3: Set Up the Server URL (30 seconds)
Click on the collection name "Community Service Tracker API" in the left sidebar
Click the "Variables" tab (it's at the top of the middle panel)
You'll see a variable called base_url
Make sure it says: http://localhost:5000
If your server is running on a different address, change it here
Click "Save" (top right)
Step 4: Test Your API (The Fun Part!)
First Test: Login as a Student
In the left sidebar, expand "Community Service Tracker API" by clicking the arrow
Expand "Authentication" folder
Click on "Student Login"
You'll see three sections:

Top area: Shows POST and a URL
Middle area: The "Body" tab shows the login information
Bottom area: Empty for now (this is where results appear)
Click the big blue "Send" button (top right)
What You Should See:

Bottom section fills with data
You'll see "access_token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLC..."
Green text saying 200 OK (means success!)
Below that, you'll see test results with green checkmarks ✓
What Just Happened:
You logged in as "alice" and got back a security token (like a temporary password). Postman automatically saved this token so the next requests can use it.

Second Test: Get Student Profile
Go back to the left sidebar
Expand "Student Endpoints" folder
Click "Get My Profile"
Click "Send"
What You Should See:

{
  "id": 1,
  "username": "alice",
  "name": "Alice Johnson",
  "total_hours": 15,
  "accolades": [10],
  "confirmation_requested": false
}
This shows Alice's current profile with 15 hours and one accolade (for reaching 10 hours).

Third Test: Login as Staff
Go to Authentication → Staff Login
Click "Send"
You'll get a different token - this one identifies you as staff, not a student.

Fourth Test: Staff Logs Hours
Go to Staff Endpoints → Log Hours for Student
Look at the Body tab - you'll see:
{
  "student_id": 2,
  "hours": 20
}
Click "Send"
What You Should See:

Success message
Bob Smith (student ID 2) now has 20 hours
He automatically got the 10-hour accolade!
Understanding the Interface
What Each Color Means:
🟢 Green (200 OK) = Success! Everything worked
🔴 Red (401 Unauthorized) = You need to log in first
🟡 Orange (404 Not Found) = The endpoint doesn't exist
The Three Tabs at Top:
Params: Add stuff to the URL (like ?page=2)
Authorization: Security credentials (already set up for you!)
Headers: Extra information sent with request
Body: The data you're sending (like login info or hours to add)
The Bottom Section Shows:
Body: The actual response data (what the server sent back)
Headers: Technical details
Test Results: Automated checks (green ✓ = passed)
Try All the Endpoints!
Here's what each one does:

Authentication
✅ Student Login - Get a student token
✅ Staff Login - Get a staff token
✅ Invalid Login - See what happens with wrong password
Student Endpoints
✅ Get My Profile - See your hours and accolades
✅ Request Hours Confirmation - Ask staff to verify your hours
✅ Get Student Accolades - See achievement badges
✅ Get All Students - See everyone (staff only)
Staff Endpoints
✅ Get My Staff Profile - View staff account details
✅ Log Hours for Student - Add hours to a student
✅ Get Pending Confirmations - See who needs verification
✅ Confirm Student Hours - Approve a student's request
Leaderboard
✅ Get Leaderboard - See who has the most hours
Pro Tips
Running All Tests at Once
Right-click on the collection name in the sidebar
Click "Run collection"
Click the big "Run Community Service Tracker API" button
Watch all tests run automatically like a movie! 🎬
If Something Goes Wrong
Make sure your Flask server is running (you should see it in the Replit console)
Make sure base_url is set to http://localhost:5000
Try the login endpoints first (you need a token for other endpoints)
See What Token You Have
Click on the collection name
Click "Variables" tab
Look at student_token and staff_token - these were automatically saved when you logged in
What to Screenshot for Your Assignment
Take screenshots of:

The collections list showing all your endpoints
A successful login showing the token
The "Get My Profile" response showing student data
The test results (green checkmarks at the bottom)
The "Run collection" results showing all tests passing
These prove your API works correctly!